It is almost sun set when you open your eyes. When you open your eyes, what you see is unfamiliar- a roof made of hay and wood, a small window which now is glowing crimson with the light of the setting sun.
You try to sit up and try to assess your surroundings but as you do so, your body feels sore and you ache all-over.
As you try to figure out how got to where you are a nurse comes in and tells you that some villagers found you on the riverbank, injured and unconscious.
You trust what she tells you and drink the soup she provides. Slowly as you gulp the soup you start remember all about who you are and how you got near the edge of the village.
The nurse calls the village head and you tell them your story.
You tell them that you are the heir of this kingdom. Your uncle Cyrus, murdered your entire family in order to take the throne for himself. 
You were his next target but you managed to escape after a lot of treacherous threats so that one day you can take your place as the rightful heir and restore peace in the kingdom. But as you tell them so, you fell unconscious.
...
You see yourself standing in your room. Your father, the king of Astonia, comes into your room, when suddenly a sword pierces his chest.
He falls down and you see your uncle holding the blood-covered sword.
You wake up panting and find yourself tied to the bed.
The village head is standing next to you. He says that he has been your uncle's supporter for a long time now and that he and his villagers will be rewarded if he hands you to him.
He goes out.
...
A few hours pass.
You listen for some signs of any human activities outside, but hearing nothing you start working on an escape plan.
You try to pull out the small dagger that you always keep on your arm under you sleeve.
You cut the ropes and tiptoe towards the window. You peep through it stealthily and seeing the coast clear, you manage to jump out of it. You hide among the bushes and try to figure out your next move.
However, your line of thought is interrupted by a deep growling noise. You try to locate its source and spot the village head.
The village head is petrified, all colour drawn from his face and as you follow his gaze you finally locate the source of that terrifyingly cruel rumble.
